Add 2 questions to foundations (#208)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: content/questions/foundations/question-104.md

---
archetype: "questions"
title: "Question 104"
question: "If a GitHub Discussion is converted into an Issue and the issue is closed or referred to using its corresponding # number, will the discussion be modified?"
draft: false
---

> https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-an-issue#creating-an-issue-from-discussion
1. [ ] Yes
1. [x] No

> > When you "convert" a discussion into an Issue. This is a new issue, just linked by a soft link to the discussion and prepopulate the issue info within. There is no real connection or relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you "convert" a discussion into an Issue it essentially creates a new issue that is soft linked to the discussion and pre-fills the issue information. There isn't a bigger connection between them.
```

> 1. [ ] Yes
> 1. [x] No
> > When you "convert" a discussion into an Issue it essentially creates a new issue that is soft linked to the discussion and pre-fills the issue information. There isn't a bigger connection between them.

Reviewer: Sorry - missed that one previously.

The explanations are shown only for wrong answers - at the end of the practice test. There is no use for explanations for correct answer - they will not be shown
```suggestion
1. [x] No
1. [ ] Yes
> When you "convert" a discussion into an Issue it essentially creates a new issue that is soft linked to the discussion and pre-fills the issue information. There isn't a bigger connection between them.
```
